Engineering 2024 H2 role ladder calibration changes (#83)
OctopusDeploy/People: Software-Engineering/L3-Senior-Software-Engineer.md

- I manage difficult conversations and tactfully challenge others.
- I improve the productivity and delivery of my team.
- I help raise the bar for working at Octopus by providing regular code reviews and / or interviews for engineering candidates.

> - I facilitate healthy conflict through negotiation to arrive at positive, constructive outcomes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I practice healthy conflict, using negotiation to arrive at positive, constructive outcomes.
```

💭 "Facilitate" can suggest a third-party or mediator role. At L3, I believe the intent is to emphasize that this person directly and constructively engages in conflicts, rather than just overseeing them. Consider using "practice" to reflect active participation.

Author: Great suggestion, it's a good call out that we want to lean into engagement vs overseeing, as facilitating those start to fall into leadership roles. Thanks for the suggestions I'll add them in 🙇

- I spotted a contentious issue that could have gone badly and facilitated everyone toward a decision that resolved the situation.
- I recognised a problem early and got in to fix it even though it wasn't my fault.
- I wrote a clear and concise proposal that persuaded the team to act on my idea.

> - I successfully facilitated a negotiation around the requirements of a project by bringing an engineering perspective, listening to understand Product's and Design's perspectives, and advocating for outcomes that bring the best value to our customers from all perspectives. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I successfully engaged in a negotiation around the requirements of a project by bringing an engineering perspective, listening to understand Product's and Design's perspectives, and advocating for outcomes that bring the best value to our customers from all perspectives. 
```
